hey divine just looking at the old
neighborhood there are places that make
us who we are
[Music]
pays to play on the street when I was a
kid we are way more vents that give us
hope not make her laugh
[Music]
feelings that make us question our
beliefs fears that trigger our darkest
emotions as my god
the call ii sincerity she looked at me
buddy she was preparing to never see me
again don't think I heard that yeah she
wasn't hurt Brendan she's dead loved her
so much
I know in my soul I contributed to your
death but I don't know how to spot least
gonna find a better gonna kill it know
what I was think about vampires maybe
one day you wake up and you forget what
it's like to be human maybe then it's
okay you're not making any sense
sometimes I think thought was just a
dream
you know how about you tell us what
really happened Saturday night mr Boyle
and why is your wife acting like she's
afraid of you huh
okay what is weak you could roll with us
down the barrier since you
[Music]
reversibly